Alright so let's go ahead and step
through the assignment to handle that
NumberFormatException. And what I'm
going to do first is create a new branch
here.
I'm going to call it number format
exception. Now the first thing we want to
do is write our tests. I'm going to come
into the RecipeControllerTest and
that's here. So we have the recipe not
found. That's going to be pretty similar
to what we want so I am going to
shamelessly cut and paste that. And let's
do a number format. And this time, we're
not going to do that. So we actually
we're not even going to hit that to be
honest. So we don't even need the mock
here. So I'm going to comment that out
and let's go ahead and do asdf and we
want isBadRequest. And we want to
turn back a 400-page. So those are our
tests so we should get the 400 view back
which we have not created and that. So
let's go ahead and run that and we
should see that it actually does in fact
fail. So as expected, that is failing. So
we did get a NumberFormatException so
that is what we are expecting to
see right now because we haven't changed
the Controller yet. So let's go ahead and
fix the Controller.
We are going to do almost the exact same
thing here. Instead we should not be cut
and pasting so don't do that at home. So
I'm going to say bad request and here we
want to do NumberFormatException.
I'll be a little bit nicer and this time we
want to turn back 400 error and we'll take
in the exception and we'll rename that.
So that is now happy also clean that up
a little bit too. So let's see if our test
will run now even though we don't have
the view there. So that is now passing. We
are getting that there so we need to
create the view. So let's come over here.
And we're doing almost the
exact same thing. Let's go ahead and do
this. Shamelessly copy that into the new
page.
And we're going to get the exception getMessage. That should be good enough so let's
go ahead and run this now. We are back up
and running. Let's go ahead and take a
look at the page. So this is still the
old page so do a refresh there. So now we
get a 400 bad request for input
String asdf. So that gives us a nice
message for the user and we could dress
that up if needed. So that is our
handling. So just to recap there what we
did as we started off writing our unit
test, and let's go ahead make sure all
our tests are passing before we commit
this. So we're going to run all the tests
so the test there, we actually don't even
need that line in there. So I'm going to
get rid of that because we never get to
that. So the exception is going to pop
before then. So we're going to perform
a get with the String value in there
that's going to cause the NumberFormat
Exception and now we're going to get bad
request and direct to the view of 400
error. Take a look at the Controller. So
this is going to handle any of these so
wherever we have an ID value, if that is
a String that gets in there that error
handler is going to kick in. So and it's
going to return back a bad request for
the NumberFormatException and will
log out the output. Create a new ModelAnd
View and we will tell it to go to the
400 error which is the new HTML page that
we added and will output the error data
to it. So I am going to go ahead and
commit this up to GitHub since all the
tests are passing.
So NumberFormatException and I'm going
to go ahead and commit that and push and
I will add a link to that in the course
resources so you can pull that right out
of GitHub.